Don't be nervous, late autumn.
You must be eligible for occupancy
Really? Trust me.
Yo Su Late Autumn
You really came
You two
Don't see what you are
Dare to come
Grandpa uncle
Tianhao
This time, the Wancheng rally is unstable
Don't worry, grandpa, it's all done
Dad, don't worry.
We gave him 3 million big red envelope
Moreover, Tianhao also found him several herb kings
The richest man in the Tang Dynasty even accepted it
This quota is naturally stable, hahaha.
God bless, thank you so much, grandpa
All family
You are welcome
Tang Luo said he received 2 million cash
And the Su family said they sent 3 million
This Zhang family is really good
Fortunately, the Su family is still grateful to them
That's ironic
Did you two hear that?
Eligibility for staying in Wancheng
It has been fixed by my husband.
Go back where you two came from
Don't embarrass our Su family
Hey
It's not over yet.
Don't be too happy.
In case his grandson is slow and they don't come down, it's me